
DONE if we hide the logo for small screens, we need a back button to the main page?
DONE add notification email to events
DONE change event.created to event.updated and change display to say "updated"
 - add a fatal error handler
DONE finish person editor
DONE implement all the "show disabled" buttons (change to "inactive"?)
 - fix formatting of notes for small screens, or do something smarter
 - on event screen, after submit stay on the same tab. or use ajax
 - on main screen, headers aren't aligned any more

- make sure params are list context or whatever

My email:
    http://www.goess.org/goc2/

    The user names are made-up, just pick one. Click on the "Alameda parade" gig--that's the only one that has some data.

    Attempting to address issues including:
     - shows only active users by default, so users can be marked "inactive" and don't ever have to be deleted
     - you are the user you are, so no fat-fingering somebody else 
     - no individual passwords, it's still behind the team password
     - lets you sign up to dance one week and muso the next week, you don't have to commit to one or the other for all time
     - tracks a tour queen for each gig, and will allow emailing them when people accept or decline for the gig
     - allows notes on each gig
     - keeps a log of all activity (see "Admin / view activity logs")
     - look good on a mobile screen

Julia's feedback:
    only played with your site for a minute or so, and realize it may not be all up
    and running, but I did notice that when I said Ivan would attend, it did not
    update the total number when I clicked back to the master page with all the
    dates of the pretend gigs on it. 

    I tried to see if I could make Ivan both a dancer and a musician, but it seemed
    like he didn’t register as either one on the master page.

    The big drawback for me with the bespoke site is how it flips to a new page
    when you go to enter information for an individual, which prevents you from
    being able to see the whole picture as you enter in data.

    At the end of the day, if people are not using the grid it now, I don’t see
    what is going to make them use a Google dock.  Thinking this through a little,
    well I know how to use and like Google docs, some people are resistant to
    things like that. Because of the man, or whatever. Or even just a new app to
    have to juggle. Google is so good at pulling together a elements from here and
    there and slapping them together as if they belong in the same realm but it is
    patently obvious that each thing has been designed completely independent of
    the other.  Google drive and Google docs seem to have nothing to do with one
    another and yet you have to have apps for both, don’t get me started. This all
    said, I use Google docs and Google spreadsheets all the time and they work just
    fine despite their quirks.

     Come to think of it, I am writing this through Google mail right now so Google
    I’d love to know your thoughts since I know you are reading this. 

    I do like how your format has strike has strives for more flexibility in that
    people can flip it back-and-forth on whether they are dancing or playing at a
    given gig, and there is a built in section for notes per gig.

     What are your own thoughts on the matter? 
